<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=1700, height=1700"/>
  <title>Chapter 2 &#x2014; Text</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/fixed.css"/>
</head>
<body>
  <!-- SINGLE PAGE: 1700 x 1700 &#x2014; Chapter 2 text (right page of spread) -->
  <div class="page">

    <div class="text-panel" style="top:0;left:0;width:1700px;height:1700px;padding:80px 90px;">
      <div class="chapter-label">Chapter 2</div>
      <div class="chapter-title">The Baker Cannot Bake</div>
      <p>The hedgehog baker&#x2019;s name was Hazel. She made her rolls before dawn, while the forest was still quiet. She had done this every morning for as long as anyone could remember.</p>
      <p>On Thursday, there were no rolls.</p>
      <p>Pip noticed first, which was unusual. But Pip had been up early, bouncing on a branch, and had passed the bakery at the usual hour and found the shutters closed.</p>
      <p>He found Hazel sitting outside her door with her apron in her lap, not tied. She had rings under her eyes.</p>
      <p>&#x201C;Hazel?&#x201D; said Pip. &#x201C;No rolls?&#x201D;</p>
      <p>&#x201C;No sleep,&#x201D; said Hazel. &#x201C;No sleep, no rolls. The birds.&#x201D; She waved one small paw at the canopy. &#x201C;All night. It doesn&#x2019;t stop. It gets louder. And then it gets louder still.&#x201D;</p>
      <p>Pip looked up. He could hear it &#x2014; a chatter, a relay, a swelling of overlapping voices, each one picking up the last note and handing it forward, always just a little faster.</p>
      <p>He had not really noticed before.</p>
      <p>&#x201C;Hm,&#x201D; said Pip.</p>
      <p>He pulled out his bellflower and rang it, because there was clearly a problem and that meant it was time to find Vera.</p>
    </div>

  </div>
</body>
</html>
