<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=1700, height=1700"/>
  <title>Chapter 3 &#x2014; Text</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/fixed.css"/>
</head>
<body>
  <!-- SINGLE PAGE: 1700 x 1700 &#x2014; Chapter 3 text (right page of spread) -->
  <div class="page">

    <div class="text-panel" style="top:0;left:0;width:1700px;height:1700px;padding:80px 90px;">
      <div class="chapter-label">Chapter 3</div>
      <div class="chapter-title">Vera Has a Plan</div>
      <p>Vera had already noticed.</p>
      <p>She had spent Wednesday evening at the Mapleaf tree. The veins were not dark &#x2014; no flooding, no structural danger &#x2014; but they pulsed in a way she had not seen before. Quick and irregular. As if the forest itself were a little agitated.</p>
      <p>She had already started a list. It was long. It included: <em>relay pattern (irregular), volume (increasing), coverage (whole forest, no gaps), affected parties (everyone, probably).</em></p>
      <p>When Pip found her, she was adding another entry.</p>
      <p>&#x201C;I know,&#x201D; she said, before he said anything.</p>
      <p>&#x201C;Hazel can&#x2019;t sleep,&#x201D; said Pip.</p>
      <p>&#x201C;I know. Probably others too.&#x201D; She held up the list. &#x201C;I&#x2019;ve been working on it.&#x201D;</p>
      <p>Pip looked at the list. &#x201C;That&#x2019;s a lot of lines.&#x201D;</p>
      <p>&#x201C;It&#x2019;s a complicated problem.&#x201D;</p>
      <p>&#x201C;What&#x2019;s the plan?&#x201D;</p>
      <p>Vera put the list away. Her bag was already on her shoulder. &#x201C;Schedule the birds,&#x201D; she said. &#x201C;They&#x2019;re relaying all night because there&#x2019;s no order to it. Each bird adds to the last. I&#x2019;ll set up a rotation &#x2014; northern canopy first, then eastern, then southern, then rest. Night silence hours built in.&#x201D;</p>
      <p>Pip&#x2019;s tail flicked. &#x201C;Will the birds listen?&#x201D;</p>
      <p>&#x201C;They will if I explain it clearly,&#x201D; said Vera.</p>
      <p>She turned and walked toward the canopy.</p>
    </div>

  </div>
</body>
</html>
