<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=1700, height=1700"/>
  <title>Chapter 4 continued &#x2014; Text</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/fixed.css"/>
</head>
<body>
  <!-- SINGLE PAGE: 1700 x 1700 &#x2014; Chapter 4 remaining text (right page of spread) -->
  <div class="page">

    <div class="text-panel" style="top:0;left:0;width:1700px;height:1700px;padding:80px 90px;">
      <p>Vera&#x2019;s ears went back. &#x201C;What have the others tried?&#x201D;</p>
      <p>&#x201C;The deer family tried moving away from the worst relay point. The noise followed them. The raccoons tried to intervene in the relay chain at the eastern fork.&#x201D; Oswin folded his wings. &#x201C;It made things worse. More birds joined to correct the correction.&#x201D;</p>
      <p>Vera was very still. The Mapleaf had told her nothing useful. She had thought she already knew the shape of this.</p>
      <p>&#x201C;The problem is not the schedule,&#x201D; said Oswin. &#x201C;The birds are already trying to be organized. Every bird works harder so the news reaches the next bird clearly. The harder they work, the louder it gets. The louder it gets, the harder each bird works. It is a loop. Like a path that doubles back on itself &#x2014; where the path crosses is where the noise stacks up. You cannot fix a loop by adding more order to it. You need to find where the loop crosses itself &#x2014; and interrupt it there.&#x201D;</p>
      <p>Vera&#x2019;s list was in her paw.</p>
      <p>She looked at it for a long moment.</p>
      <p>She folded it in half.</p>
    </div>

  </div>
</body>
</html>
