<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=1700, height=1700"/>
  <title>Chapter 5 &#x2014; Text</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/fixed.css"/>
</head>
<body>
  <!-- SINGLE PAGE: 1700 x 1700 &#x2014; Chapter 5 text (right page of spread) -->
  <div class="page">

    <div class="text-panel" style="top:0;left:0;width:1700px;height:1700px;padding:80px 90px;">
      <div class="chapter-label">Chapter 5</div>
      <div class="chapter-title">Pip Helps</div>
      <p>Sage had not come to the library tree. Sage was still at home.</p>
      <p>She had made it as far as her front step &#x2014; one step out, then another &#x2014; and sat with both hands pressed flat on the wooden boards. She could hear the relay in the canopy: same note, same note, always the same note, and underneath it the whole forest humming with it.</p>
      <p>Her head ached. Her shell felt tight.</p>
      <p>Pip found her there.</p>
      <p>&#x201C;I tried something,&#x201D; he said, dropping onto the step beside her, a stick still in one paw.</p>
      <p>&#x201C;What did you try?&#x201D;</p>
      <p>Pip looked slightly less certain than usual. &#x201C;I went to the relay point at the eastern fork &#x2014; the loudest one &#x2014; and I sang louder than all the birds. To kind of break it up.&#x201D;</p>
      <p>Sage looked at him.</p>
      <p>&#x201C;It worked for about four seconds,&#x201D; said Pip. &#x201C;And then every bird in the eastern section joined in to relay my voice as well. I think there is now a message going around the forest that says &#x2018;LOUD NOISE AT EASTERN FORK.&#x2019;&#x201D; He set down the stick. &#x201C;That is not helpful.&#x201D;</p>
      <p>Sage almost smiled.</p>
      <p>&#x201C;No,&#x201D; she said. &#x201C;But you found the loudest point.&#x201D;</p>
      <p>Pip looked at her. &#x201C;&#x2026;I did, didn&#x2019;t I.&#x201D;</p>
      <p>Sage pressed her hands flat on the step again. She was listening.</p>
      <p>&#x201C;Pip,&#x201D; she said slowly. &#x201C;Can you take me to the relay points? All of them?&#x201D;</p>
      <p>&#x201C;The canopy ones?&#x201D;</p>
      <p>&#x201C;Yes.&#x201D;</p>
      <p>Pip hesitated. &#x201C;It&#x2019;s pretty loud up there.&#x201D;</p>
      <p>&#x201C;I know,&#x201D; said Sage.</p>
    </div>

  </div>
</body>
</html>
