<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=1700, height=1700"/>
  <title>Chapter 1 continued — Text</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/fixed.css"/>
</head>
<body>
  <!-- SINGLE PAGE: 1700 x 1700 — Chapter 1 remaining text (right page of spread) -->
  <div class="page">

    <div class="text-panel" style="top:0;left:0;width:1700px;height:1700px;padding:80px 90px;">
      <p>By the river, Sage was watching tadpoles. She did this most mornings. She never got bored of it.</p>
      <p>In the branches above her, Pip was trying to leap from one tree to the next without using his hands. He had already fallen twice. The second time, he had taken a large branch with him.</p>
      <p>He was going to try a third time.</p>
      <p>Nearby, Vera sat with her back against the Mapleaf tree, adding to her list. It was a very long list. Today&#x2019;s entries so far included: <em>river current (normal), beaver morning shift (started),</em> and <em>Pip (falling, probably fine).</em></p>
      <p>She glanced up at the Mapleaf&#x2019;s veins the way she always did &#x2014; just to check. They were golden and calm.</p>
      <p>Good.</p>
      <p>She looked back at her list.</p>
      <p>Then she looked up again.</p>
      <p>The veins had gone dark.</p>
      <p>The village of Whisperwood had a rule. When the Mapleaf tree&#x2019;s veins turned dark, something was coming.</p>
      <p>Vera was already on her feet &#x2014; list still in her paw, already facing the direction of the beavers&#x2019; dam &#x2014; when Pip landed on her head.</p>
      <p>&#x201C;Something is coming,&#x201D; said Pip.</p>
      <p>&#x201C;I know,&#x201D; said Vera.</p>
      <p>&#x201C;The Mapleaf&#x2014;&#x201D;</p>
      <p>&#x201C;I know.&#x201D;</p>
      <p>&#x201C;But did you see how dark the veins are? They&#x2019;re almost&#x2014;&#x201D;</p>
      <p>&#x201C;Pip.&#x201D;</p>
      <p>&#x201C;Yes?&#x201D;</p>
      <p>&#x201C;I know.&#x201D;</p>
      <p>Pip flicked his tail. He did not look convinced.</p>
    </div>

  </div>
</body>
</html>
