<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=1700, height=1700"/>
  <title>Chapter 7 — Community Spread: Singing to the Mud (right)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/fixed.css"/>
</head>
<body>
  <!-- RIGHT HALF of 3400px spread — shift entire spread left by 1700px so right half is visible -->
  <div class="spread" style="position:absolute;left:-1700px;top:0;">

    <!-- Illustration 9: COMMUNITY IMAGE — full bleed singing mud -->
    <div class="illo-placeholder" style="top:0;left:0;width:3400px;height:1220px;">
      <div class="illo-num">Illustration 9 &#x2014; COMMUNITY IMAGE</div>
      <div class="illo-desc">The whole community gathered at the river&#x2019;s edge at night, singing. LEFT HALF &#x2014; foreground: Pip with everything he has, slightly off-note but giving his whole body to it. Vera at the front, conducting, humming the first note. The mud at the bank beginning to shift left, a new channel forming. RIGHT HALF &#x2014; the crowd: Bram and two beavers; a family of deer with heads lowered, singing low. Three raccoons. The otter from the slide &#x2014; arms still half-crossed but mouth open and singing. Sage at the very back of the crowd, one quiet step forward, singing exactly the right note, barely visible, knowing what her part is. Glowmoss lighting the scene from below.</div>
      <div class="illo-note">Replace with final artwork &#x2014; full bleed. Mouse family just above text band: Pa and Ma watching, Middle Son studying Pip&#x2019;s technique, Big Daughter writing.</div>
    </div>

    <!-- Text band: bottom right portion -->
    <div class="text-panel" style="bottom:0;right:0;width:1700px;height:480px;padding:50px 80px;">
      <div class="chapter-label">Chapter 7</div>
      <div class="chapter-title">Singing to the Mud</div>
      <p>They gathered at the river&#x2019;s edge.</p>
      <p>Vera. Pip. Sage. Bram and two other beavers. A family of deer. Three raccoons. The otter from the slide, who had been asked twice and complained once and showed up anyway.</p>
    </div>

  </div>
</body>
</html>
