<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=1700, height=1700"/>
  <title>Chapter 8 — Resolution</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/fixed.css"/>
</head>
<body>
  <!-- SINGLE PAGE: 1700 x 1700 — No new illustration; text-forward resolution page -->
  <!-- Decorative element: small glow moss motif or river illustration could be added at top -->
  <div class="page">

    <!-- Small decorative placeholder at top -->
    <div class="illo-placeholder" style="top:0;left:0;width:1700px;height:280px;">
      <div class="illo-desc" style="font-size:30px;">Decorative vignette &#x2014; optional small illustration: the three friends sitting on the rock, river running clear below them in morning sun.</div>
    </div>

    <!-- Text: main body, this page carries the emotional resolution -->
    <div class="text-panel" style="top:280px;left:0;width:1700px;height:1420px;padding:70px 100px;">
      <p>Vera sat on a rock by the river, watching the water run clear and calm.</p>
      <p>Pip flopped down next to her. He had mud on his nose and a lantern mushroom in each paw, held up like tiny torches. It was broad daylight.</p>
      <p>Sage settled beside them both, slowly, the way Sage did everything.</p>
      <p>&#x201C;We fixed it,&#x201D; said Pip. &#x201C;We fixed it,&#x201D; said Vera. &#x201C;Properly.&#x201D;</p>
      <p>Sage was quiet for a moment. She was looking back toward the river bend. &#x201C;The tree,&#x201D; she said. &#x201C;Did it fall on its own?&#x201D;</p>
      <p>Bram, still at the water&#x2019;s edge, turned back toward them. &#x201C;Hard to say. The roots let go. But the damage to those roots was old. Very old.&#x201D; He shook his head slowly. &#x201C;I&#x2019;ll remember it.&#x201D; Sage nodded. She filed it away.</p>
      <p>&#x201C;Next time,&#x201D; said Vera quietly, &#x201C;I&#x2019;ll ask why first.&#x201D;</p>
      <p>Pip looked at her. &#x201C;You say that every time something goes wrong,&#x201D; he said cheerfully. Vera stared at him. &#x201C;This is the first time something has gone wrong.&#x201D; &#x201C;I know,&#x201D; said Pip. &#x201C;But I have a feeling it won&#x2019;t be the last.&#x201D;</p>
    </div>

  </div>
</body>
</html>
