<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=1700, height=1700"/>
  <title>Final Spread — Trio Walking Home (right)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/fixed.css"/>
</head>
<body>
  <!-- RIGHT HALF of 3400px spread — shift entire spread left by 1700px so right half is visible -->
  <div class="spread" style="position:absolute;left:-1700px;top:0;">

    <!-- Illustration 12: FINAL SPREAD — trio walking home -->
    <div class="illo-placeholder" style="top:0;left:0;width:3400px;height:1700px;">
      <div class="illo-num">Illustration 12 &#x2014; FINAL SPREAD</div>
      <div class="illo-desc">The trio walking home along the morning forest path. Pip leads &#x2014; both lantern mushrooms raised like tiny torches, mud still on his nose, marching cheerfully. Vera and Sage walk together behind him. The canopy casts dappled shade so the lantern mushrooms glow warmly even in daylight. The forest is exhaled, calm, alive. Morning light through the trees. LEFT HALF &#x2014; foreground trio on the path. RIGHT HALF &#x2014; in the far background between the trees: the mouse family&#x2019;s temporary above-ground shelter. Ma is hanging the framed painting on the exterior wall. Pa sits on a stump, Baby asleep across his lap. Big Daughter writes on the step. Middle Son watches the trio walk away, still hoping something interesting will happen. Nothing will. Not today.</div>
      <div class="illo-note">Replace with final artwork &#x2014; full bleed both pages, no text. Series recurring image. Lantern mushrooms glow even in daylight via canopy shade. Mouse family in background right.</div>
    </div>

  </div>
</body>
</html>
