<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=1700, height=1700"/>
  <title>The End</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/fixed.css"/>
</head>
<body epub:type="backmatter">
  <div class="end-page">
    <div class="end-title">The End of Book One</div>
    <div class="end-sub">The Rising River</div>
    <div class="end-series">
      <p>The story of Whisperwood continues in:</p>
      <p><em>Book Two: The Noisy Night</em></p>
      <p>&#x2014;</p>
      <p>Collect all eight Whisperwood books.</p>
    </div>

    <div class="end-about">
      <div class="end-section-title">About Whisperwood</div>
      <p>Whisperwood is an enchanted forest village where the magic is simply the way things work. Vera the fox knows every system. Pip the squirrel helps first and asks questions later. Sage the turtle notices what everyone else rushes past. In every book, a problem arrives &#x2014; a rising river, a noisy night, a missing delivery &#x2014; and the whole community must work together to solve it. No single creature, and no single plan, is ever enough on its own.</p>
      <p>Eight books. One forest. Every problem requires everyone.</p>
    </div>

    <div class="end-coming-next">
      <div class="end-section-title">Coming Next in Whisperwood</div>
      <p><strong>Book Two: The Noisy Night</strong></p>
      <p>Something is keeping Whisperwood awake &#x2014; and only Sage knows how loud it really is.</p>
    </div>

    <div class="end-world">
      <div class="end-section-title">The World of Whisperwood</div>
      <p>Every element in Whisperwood has exactly one rule. Here are the four you met in this book.</p>
      <p><strong>The Mapleaf</strong> &#x2014; A giant tree whose veins glow golden when all is well. When its veins go dark, something is coming. It reads like a living map of the forest.</p>
      <p><strong>Singing Mud</strong> &#x2014; Mud that moves when a group sings together. One voice does nothing. But when the whole community hums in a low, steady tone, the mud shifts and channels itself wherever it is needed. When the singing stops, the mud slowly settles back.</p>
      <p><strong>Bellflowers</strong> &#x2014; Small cup-shaped flowers that work like a telephone. Ring one and keep ringing until someone comes. They cannot send a message &#x2014; only a call.</p>
      <p><strong>Talking Rocks</strong> &#x2014; Ancient boulders that remember everything. They speak one word at a time, very slowly. They never lie. But patience is required.</p>
    </div>

    <div class="end-copyright">
      Text &#x00A9; 2026 Reena Gellerup &#x2022; All rights reserved<br/>
      Published by Whisperwood Books &#x2022; whisperwoodbooks.com<br/>
      Whisperwood is a registered trademark of Reena Gellerup
    </div>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
